README.md, before:

# CV

To see the pdf clic [here](/cv.pdf)

## Prerequisites

1.  Install a LaTeX Distribution

    - Ubuntu/Debian (Linux)

    ```shell
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install texlive-full latexmk
    ```

    - macOS

    Install [MacTeX](https://tug.org/mactex/) which is to heavy or use the lightweight
    version [BasicTex](https://tug.org/mactex/morepackages.html).

    - Windows

    Install MiKTeX.

2.  Save Your CV as a .tex File

    1.  Create a New File:

        - Open your terminal and navigate to your desired directory.
        - Create a new file named cv.tex:

        ```shell
         touch cv.tex
        ```

    2.  Paste Your LaTeX Code:

        - Open cv.tex in Neovim:

        ```shell
        nvim cv.tex
        ```

        - Paste your CV LaTeX code into this file.
        - Save the file by pressing :w in Neovim.

    3.  Set Up Neovim with vim-plug and CoC

        a. Install vim-plug

        If you haven’t installed vim-plug yet:

        ```shell
        curl -fLo ~/.local/share/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
          https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
        ```

        b. Configure init.vim

            1. Open Neovim Configuration:


                ```shell
                nvim ~/.config/nvim/init.vim
                ```

            2. Set Up vim-plug in init.vim:

                ```vim
                call plug#begin('~/.local/share/nvim/plugged')

                Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}
                Plug 'lervag/vimtex'

                call plug#end()
                ```

              And then execute :PlugInstall in nvim.

    4.  Configure vimtex Plugin

        Add the following configurations to your init.vim:

        ```vim
        " VimTeX configuration
        let g:tex_flavor = 'latex'
        let g:vimtex_view_method = 'zathura' " Use 'zathura', 'evince', 'okular', 'skim', etc.
        let g:vimtex_compiler_method = 'latexmk'
        " Disable compilation
        let g:vimtex_map_compile = 0

        " Map to compile
        nmap <leader>la <Plug>(vimtex-compile)
        ```

    5.  Install coc-texlab:
        In Neovim, run:

        ```vim
        :CocInstall coc-texlab
        ```

## Compilation

Verify if you have latexmk

```shell
which latexmk
```

in case that is not present then install it

```shell
sudo tlmgr update --self --all
sudo tlmgr install latexmk enumitem needspace fontawesome5
```

### Compile from terminal

```shell
latexmk -C cv.tex
latexmk -pdf cv.tex
```

or use our make commands

```shell
make fresh
make view
```

### Compile from nvim

```text
<leader>la will compile the tex file (according to our config)
<leader>lc clear aux files
<leader>lv view the generated file
```

Commit message:

chore(github): Add github actions
fix

README.md, after:

# CV

To see the pdf clic [here](/cv.pdf)

## Run as a github action

A github action was created in order to generate and commit the generated pdf.

## Prerequisites(to run locally)

1.  Install a LaTeX Distribution

    - Ubuntu/Debian (Linux)

    ```shell
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install texlive-full latexmk
    ```

    - macOS

    Install [MacTeX](https://tug.org/mactex/) which is to heavy or use the lightweight
    version [BasicTex](https://tug.org/mactex/morepackages.html).

    - Windows

    Install MiKTeX.

2.  Save Your CV as a .tex File

    1.  Create a New File:

        - Open your terminal and navigate to your desired directory.
        - Create a new file named cv.tex:

        ```shell
         touch cv.tex
        ```

    2.  Paste Your LaTeX Code:

        - Open cv.tex in Neovim:

        ```shell
        nvim cv.tex
        ```

        - Paste your CV LaTeX code into this file.
        - Save the file by pressing :w in Neovim.

    3.  Set Up Neovim with vim-plug and CoC

        a. Install vim-plug

        If you haven’t installed vim-plug yet:

        ```shell
        curl -fLo ~/.local/share/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
          https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
        ```

        b. Configure init.vim

            1. Open Neovim Configuration:


                ```shell
                nvim ~/.config/nvim/init.vim
                ```

            2. Set Up vim-plug in init.vim:

                ```vim
                call plug#begin('~/.local/share/nvim/plugged')

                Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}
                Plug 'lervag/vimtex'

                call plug#end()
                ```

              And then execute :PlugInstall in nvim.

    4.  Configure vimtex Plugin

        Add the following configurations to your init.vim:

        ```vim
        " VimTeX configuration
        let g:tex_flavor = 'latex'
        let g:vimtex_view_method = 'zathura' " Use 'zathura', 'evince', 'okular', 'skim', etc.
        let g:vimtex_compiler_method = 'latexmk'
        " Disable compilation
        let g:vimtex_map_compile = 0

        " Map to compile
        nmap <leader>la <Plug>(vimtex-compile)
        ```

    5.  Install coc-texlab:
        In Neovim, run:

        ```vim
        :CocInstall coc-texlab
        ```

## Compilation

Verify if you have latexmk

```shell
which latexmk
```

in case that is not present then install it

```shell
sudo tlmgr update --self --all
sudo tlmgr install latexmk enumitem needspace fontawesome5
```

### Compile from terminal

```shell
latexmk -C cv.tex
latexmk -pdf cv.tex
```

or use our make commands

```shell
make fresh
make view
```

### Compile from nvim

```text
<leader>la will compile the tex file (according to our config)
<leader>lc clear aux files
<leader>lv view the generated file
```

## Generate PAT for Github actions

Important: Select only the scopes necessary for your workflow to minimize
security risks. For pushing to your repository, you need:

- repo: Full control of private repositories (required even for public
  repositories to push changes).
- workflow: Update GitHub Action workflows (needed if your workflow modifies
  workflows).

Check the boxes next to repo and workflow. Copy the token and storage it
in secure way, you will only see it once.

Create a secret in your github environment called `PAT` and assign the value
